A sidewalk called Daruma on a longing man
Though I was leaving the upper and lower half of the body
Operated by the upside-down diet
The conquest of -30 k
Wow would there of 31-year-old
It's a bit of gravity to restore sloppy meat
What a witch I Are you an How is a child of the undeniable increase
goo
Just for a moment
I see well
In fact, this was a moment of encountering a witch and a revolutionary diet
When asked to talk to Mr. Kano is no staff
If you live the road , the position of the internal organs will fall by gravity
However
By doing a handstand , you can correct the position of the viscera, raise the basal metabolism and turn it into a lean body
There is a possibility
Ah ah ah
Now the topic of the diet book
The internal organs return to the normal position and the internal organs function is up
Even more right on the diet book
It is easy to lose weight in the body of Kotomeka where the internal organs are held in the correct position
The difference is that the importance of correctness of the position of internal organs was written
Taste is good though it has begun to do such a good stand
Bus stop key of the handstand time and 10 seconds 20 seconds
Eventually the other hand Kanno handstand I continued to you
Ah ah ah
The yearning of men Thank enough to be if Dharma black
Although it was about the lower half of town, it succeeded in a minus 30 kg diet by the upside-down diet
The
31-year-old 9 minutes that are sold in witch dumplings and other post's
Ah ah ah